[FLINK-20073][doc] Add native k8s integration to kerberos setup documentation (#14241)
apache/flink: docs/deployment/security/security-kerberos.md

2. Ensure that the keytab file exists at the path indicated by `security.kerberos.login.keytab` on all cluster nodes.
3. Deploy Flink cluster as normal.

> ### YARN, Mesos and native Kubernetes Mode

Reviewer: nit: I would suggest prioritizing native k8s over yarn/mesos.

Reviewer: And if you search the keyword `YARN` in this file, you'll find a few other places where yarn and mesos are mentioned but k8s is missing.

Steps to run a secure Flink cluster in YARN, Mesos and native Kubernetes mode:

1. Add security-related configuration options to the Flink configuration file on the client (see [here]({% link deployment/config.md %}#auth-with-external-systems)).
2. Ensure that the keytab file exists at the path as indicated by `security.kerberos.login.keytab` on the client node.
3. Deploy Flink cluster as normal.

In YARN, Mesos and native Kubernetes mode, the keytab is automatically copied from the client to the Flink containers.

To enable Kerberos authentication, the Kerberos configuration file is also required. This file can be either fetched from the cluster environment or uploaded by Flink. In the latter case, you need to configure the `security.kerberos.krb5-conf.path` to indicate the path of the Kerberos configuration file and Flink will copy this file to its containers/pods.

> Note that in Mesos mode, the previous way of passing the Kerberos configuration file path through the "java.security.krb5.conf" property has been deprecated. For backward compatibility, this approach is retrained. Please keep in mind that it will be removed in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the property `java.security.krb5.conf`, which was available in Mesos mode previously, has been deprecated. Despite it's still taking effect for backward compatibility, please be aware this property can be removed in future releases.
```
And this could be a separate paragraph.

2. Ensure that the keytab file exists at the path indicated by `security.kerberos.login.keytab` on all cluster nodes.
3. Deploy Flink cluster as normal.

### YARN, Mesos and native Kubernetes Mode

Steps to run a secure Flink cluster in YARN, Mesos and native Kubernetes mode:

1. Add security-related configuration options to the Flink configuration file on the client (see [here]({% link deployment/config.md %}#auth-with-external-systems)).
2. Ensure that the keytab file exists at the path as indicated by `security.kerberos.login.keytab` on the client node.
3. Deploy Flink cluster as normal.

In YARN/Mesos mode, the keytab is automatically copied from the client to the Flink containers.

> In native Kubernetes mode, a Secret is automatically created with the given keytab and mounted on all Flink pods.

Reviewer: Any extra steps the user needs to take about the `Secret`? If not, I would suggest not to expose the internal details in this doc.

> You can configure the `security.kerberos.krb5-conf.path` to indicate the path of the Kerberos configuration file. In native Kubernetes mode, this config is required and a ConfigMap will be created with that file and mounted on the `/etc/krb5.conf` of all Flink pods.

Reviewer: It's a bit unclear to me why the configuration option is required for K8s but not for Yarn/Mesos. If this option is not configured for Yarn/Mesos, which krb5-conf would be used? Any alternative steps should be take?
